# Governance for the Edinburgh Carpentries

**This is a draft!**

The Edinburgh Carpentries has two coordinating commiettees:

* **Steering committee**: mainly address strategic issues for the Edinburgh Carpentries and try to promote the Carpentries within the pertinent institutions as well as dealing with subscription with the Carpentries. ***Is there somewhere where one can get more information about this***?
* **Organising committee**: implement the vision of the steering committee and do the day-to-day running of the Edinburgh Carpentries - that is, they arrange or try to facilitate Carpentry workshops, try to source instructors and helpers as well as facilitating the setting up of carpentry workshops by providing tips and advice.

The remainder of this document focuses on the *Organising Committee*. The group is composed a number of volunteers who try to meet once a month. If you would like to be involved please email the chair person. There are two main positions who serve for a year:

* A **chair person** who chairs the meetings and schedules the new meetings. 
* A **secretary** who minutes the meetings and looks after the GitHub Organisation. The current secretary is to be assigned.

The current members:

* Tahira Akbar, Digital Research Services, University of Edinburgh
* Mario Antonioletti, SSI/EPCC, University of Edinburgh
* Francesca Baseby, Centre for Research Collections, University of Edinburgh
* Evgenij Belikov, EPCC, University of Edinburgh
* Steven Ford, Institute of Pharmacy and Biomedical Sciences, University of Stathclyde (**Chair**)
* Graeme Grimes, IGC, University of Edinburgh
* Magnus Hagdorn, School of Geosciences, University of Edinburgh
* Juan Rodriguez Herrera, EPCC, University of Edinburgh
* Antonia (Toni) Mey, School of Chemistry, University of Edinburgh
* David McKain, SOPA, University of Edinburgh
* Alison Meynert, IGC, University of Edinburgh
* Lucia Michielin, Centre for data Culture & Society, University of Edinburgh
* Giacomo Peru, SSI/EPCC, University of Edinburgh
* Edward Wallace, Wallace Lab, University of Edinburgh
* Robert Nahy, 
* Tahira Akbar, Digital Research Facility
* Sara Tilley
* Bailey Harrington, University of Strathclyde
* Toby Samuels
* Matthew Hamilton

Previous members:

* **Who should we put here?**

**Is there anyone else? Should we have rules for committee members? e.g. a minimum attendance?**

**Running dates for the chair? Should we have a secretary? Can anyone join the committee?**

