# EdCarp Organising Committee Meeting 12/12/2019

## Attendees

Expected: 

* Giacomo Peru, 
* Jen Daub (Minutes), 
* David McKain, 
* Antonia Mey, 
* Matthew Hamilton, 
* Evgenij Belikov, 
* Magnus Hagdorn, 
* Graeme Grimes, 
* Edward Wallace, 
* Lucia Michielin

## Agenda/ UPDATES/ recommendations/ issues raised

* Updates from everybody (20 minutes):

  * [Programmed workshops](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ItF1M-4D_mmOzPpQQ295FiDqea7Z1MlhJSw9f_dafY8/edit){:target="_blank"}

* Registrations (20 minutes):

  * Jen Daub has arranged a dedicated stream for EdCarp within the UoE Event Booking Admin System. Jen, Edward, David and Giacomo (+ Laura) are admins. More admins can be created.
  * Mario has written down a [proposal of what questions should be asked at registration stage](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xoj8R31oS7PdN6-OR6ZuedSpuRa6LnJMsMja5xJADwg/edit#heading=h.fseaujyoh2s7){:target="_blank"}
  * Giacomo to give a quick tour of the EBA.

----

**Updates from everyone of next semester plans**

1. SWC split into 4 half days 2 days, Shell, Git, Python (KB - Antonia and David)

* David/Antonia:  Will take on doing this as 4*0.5 days SWC at KB/Chemistry. January/February. Priority is for getting student trained up early in the semester for starting new projects.  Antonia & David both happy to teach at least one lesson each.

2. SWC standalone standard 2*1 days (Geosciences) still trying to book a room

* Magnus : 2*1 SWC held in Drummond street. Week of 20th January. Still issues with booking room.  Wants to put the Git lesson early in lesson. Cover: Bash/Git/Python.  Magnus: will teach Python and has an additional instructor lined up. Priority is room booking prior to xmas.
* Jen will set up repositories and registration for this.

3. Data Carpentry Geospatial (Geosciences)

* Magnus: also hosting DC Geospatial. This one can be pushed to later in the semester. Waiting on colleague for feedback for this- what they want to teach as it large lesson. Giacomo also has a couple of contacts. Magnus Interested in using [GitHub classroom](https://classroom.github.com/){:target="_blank"}

4. SBS - DC R for Transcriptomics (4 half-days, 7/8/19/20 Apr 2020, JCMB 4325C)

* Edward: will use his new R transcriptomics lesson.

5. SBS - DC Genomics (4 half-days, Summer 2020?)

* DC genomics rooms not booked yet.  Vasilis possible instructor for this?  Dates not set yet.

6. Data Carpentry for Social Sciences (CDCS)

7. Data Carpentry for Humanities (CDCS)

* Giacomo: coordinating this with Cathy the admin in CDCS. Looking for 4 afternoon bookings early Feb CDCS admin dealing with admin: looking for instructors:

8. Instructor Training (Lucia Michielin to organise)

* Lucia is organising the instructor training for April 2020.15 places. Issue is with getting enough rooms at appropriate times. Edward/Giacomo: can we pay/get someone to push this.
* Needs capacity for one room ~ 30 with additional 2 rooms for breakout groups & Sessions.

* **Action:** Graeme: to check IGMM
* **Action:** Jen: to check Argyle House
* **Action:** Magnus: to check Crew

9. Data Carpentry at Heriot Watt (2 days, June 2020)

* Evgenij: Sara would like to host DC at Heriot-Watt in June and SWC in next term (December?).
* Feedback from workshop this week was too rushed.

**Registration**

* Discussion about the merits of the Eventbrite/Events.
* We are going to trial the Events system for now.
* We need to make sure the events capture all the information as [documented by Mario](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xoj8R31oS7PdN6-OR6ZuedSpuRa6LnJMsMja5xJADwg/edit#heading=h.fseaujyoh2s7){:target="_blank"}
* Matthew: has experience with Events. 
* Matthew also mentioned there is an API for Events- we can use this to post upcoming Carpentries on the EdCarp site- to be followed up. (who is the contact at IS?)
* **Action:** Jen to get everyone at meeting on Admin for our Events stream.
* **Action:** Matthew is going to lead on setting up first example. 



## Actions ongoing


## Actions completed


## Summary update on development progress and pull requests


## Towards next meeting/ Action plan


## AOBs

* Scottish Funding Council funds (Giacomo, 3 minutes)
* Institute for Academic Development (Edward, 3 minutes)
* Teaching & Learning Conference (Jen/Graeme, 3 minutes)
* Principal Teaching Awards (Giacomo, 3 minutes)

----

Scottish Funding Council funds (Giacomo, 3 minutes): 

* Has made available ~40K for 10 Data Carpentry workshops via SSI/EdCarp open to the public.

Institute for Academic Development & CSE Doctoral training programme (Edward, 3 minutes): 

* IAD: Sharon McGuire - yearly programme was positive regarding taking on some of the admin. Conditions of taking this on: workshops would need to be school agnostic
* Further meeting to come in January to clarify
* Amanda McKenzie - co-ordinates 20 doctoral programmes. Carpentries workshops have already been written into doctoral training programmes. Interest from them to work with Carpentries to deliver this. Sean/Edward leading on this

Teaching & Learning Conference (Jen/Graeme, 3 minutes):

* Edward would be interested in doing talk. Edward, Graeme and Giacomo submitted and abstract

Principal Teaching Awards (Giacomo, 3 minutes):

* Money given by IAD to projects enhancing/innovating teaching - coding club Geosciences was funded by this. Upcoming deadline for proposals March - Any suggestions?


## DoNM

(January to plan for next year including what we would propose handing over to IAD.)
02/07/2020
