# EdCarp Organising Committee Meeting 30/09/2020

## Attendees

Attending: 

* Giacomo Peru, 
* Jen Daub, 
* David McKain, 
* Antonia Mey, 
* Matthew Hamilton, 
* Evgenij Belikov, 
* Magnus Hagdorn, 
* Lucia Michielin, 
* Edward Wallace

_Apologies: Sara Tilley, Mario Anotnnioletti, Graeme Grimes_

## Agenda/ UPDATES/ recommendations/ issues raised

[Minutes from the last meeting](https://github.com/edcarp/organising-committee/tree/EdCarp-OrgCom-minutes-Rob/minutes){:target="_blank"}

**Actions**

* Giacomo ask Mike about good enough practice slides and Alek Nenadic
* Someone to look into Events booking
* Edward set up new carpentry lesson about good practices by next meet
* Giacomo contact DMcKain 

**New**

* Jen (lead), Mario, (Graeme, Edward): draft Intro to Uni resources and best practices
* Giacomo: make report from the SFC programme available to others (priority to the notes about online delivery) - ONGOING
* Jen: get in touch with Sarah Ames and discuss joint workshop (Library Carpentry?)
* Matthew and Lucia: discuss joint EdCarp-EFI DC Humanities in first semester

**Pending**

* David: start thinking about support for instructors - ONGOING postpone to september 
* Toni: start thinking about improvement to infrastructure - POSTPONED
* David: provide mail templates to send out to attendees and rationalise the information about the set-up. [POSTPONED]
* Giacomo: organise access to Mailchimp or to create a new EdCarp account. [STAND-BY]
* Someone: elaborate a process for handling requests of workshops coming from everywhere in the university. [STAND-BY]

**Updates**

* Giacomo
  * Starting to put together the historical attendance data and do some population analysis.
    * Write a document on the Event Admin 
  * Resuming work with Steering Committee

* Jennifer
  * Jen contacted Sarah regarding organising a Lib Carpentry - she was positive about this and if she cannot help out herself willing to source helpers etc
  * Jen: for the uni resources RDM for software- met with Mario to discuss how to progress and contacted BioRDM team. Mario forwarded some resources, BioRDM willing to contribute have not collated anything yet. 
    [Ongoing]
  * Edward has proposed converting his materials into a new lesson for incubator planning to help out with that.

* Edward
  * Has delivered a workshop on “Good Enough Practices in Research Computing” to CDT PhD program including advertising EdCarp, now propose to make these materials into a Carpentries incubator workshop and EdCarp offering. Created #good-practices-lesson channel on Edinburgh Carpentries slack to discuss. Toni, Magnus, David, expressed interest as well and have been invited.
  * MRC innovation scholars [UKRI data science training grant](https://mrc.ukri.org/funding/browse/innovation-scholars-data-science-training-in-health-bioscience/innovation-scholars-data-science-training-in-health-bioscience/){:target="_blank"}. Alison Meynert (IGMM bioinformatics core manager, Graeme’s boss) has led an effort to apply with intrinsic Edinburgh Carpentries involvement. We have submitted an expression of interest as collaboration between IGMM, SBS, EdGenomics, SSI, Research Data Service, Statistics Consultancy Unit, and Roslin, and will find out in October if we are invited to submit a full application, deadline November. This would include new lessons to be submitted to Carpentries incubator, peer review, and lesson training.





## Actions ongoing

**Programme 2020/2021**

[Draft](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oXd6Zc5cZhy9B4v60QiKXeU3ayn4z96h2abNxSdogMo/){:target="_blank"}

* Publish programme

## Actions completed

## Summary update on development progress and pull requests

## Towards next meeting/ Action plan

**Impact and success: how do we measure it?**

* The Steering Committee has asked to reflect on this and provide input for a case to funders (internal and external).
  * Look at Carpentries surveys
  * Run a survey
    * Did you use the skills learned
    * How likely are you to recommend
    * Where did you hear about this workshop (ask learner at the start of the workshop)
  * Live feed-back (project for a master student?)
  * [Zenodo](https://zenodo.org/record/3728205#.X3RTu3VKhhG){:target="_blank"}


## AOBs

* Discuss use of Breakout Rooms (Do people use them? Carpentries seem to suggest it and many people are enthusiastic, but using the rooms also has some overhead) [if time left]

  * We used breakout rooms for the “Good Enough Practices” workshop and it worked well. Worked better with a helper in each breakout room; and would be helped with instructor notes to guide the discussion.


## DoNM

29/10/2020
