# EdCarp Organising Committee Meeting 08/04/2020

## Attendees

Present: 

* Giacomo Peru, 
* Jen Daub, 
* David McKain, 
* Antonia Mey, 
* Matthew Hamilton, 
* Evgenij Belikov, 
* Magnus Hagdorn, 
* Graeme Grimes, 
* Lucia Michielin, 
* Edward Wallace 
* Mario Antonioletti

_Apologies: Sara Tilley_


## Agenda/ UPDATES/ recommendations/ issues raised

[Minutes from the last meeting](https://github.com/edcarp/organising-committee/blob/EdCarp-OrgCom-minutes-Rob/minutes/2020-02-07-EdCarp-Organising-Committee.md){:target="_blank"}

## Actions ongoing

**Ongoing programme**

* The next planned workshops are suspended.
* How are people doing and what do we want to do going forward?

  * Giacomo will contact Edward and Matthew to discuss an online workshop for biology and one for digital humanities.


## Actions completed

**Previous Actions**

* **David:** provide mail templates to send out to attendees and rationalise the information about the set-up. [POSTPONED]
* **Giacomo:** send out email to form 3 working groups: [DONE]
  * Set-up the future curriculum.
  * Set-up the process.
  * Improving lessons and helping out instructors.
* **Giacomo:** organise access to Mailchimp or to create a new EdCarp account. [STAND-BY]
* **Someone:** elaborate a process for handling requests of workshops coming from everywhere in the university. [STAND-BY]

**Scottish Funding Council -- Workforce Development Fund (Giacomo)**

All moved online. Programme:

* Giacomo has passed the communication to the committee and invited them to publicise and help, if available.



## Summary update on development progress and pull requests

## Towards next meeting/ Action plan

**New Actions**

* **Giacomo:** discuss with Edward and Matthew about online workshops (biology and digital humanities)
* **Edward:** organise virtual beer and video watching
* **Edward:** start thinking about support for instructors
* **Toni:** start thinking about improvement to infrastructure
* **Giacomo:** draft a programme for next year and 

**Programme 2020/2021**

* Giacomo to put together a draft for online workshops which can be moved F2F and give it to the committee for feed-back.

**Strategy (if relevant)**

* Teaching & Learning Conference (Jen/Graeme)
* We are waiting to hear about the destiny of the conference.
* Principal Teaching Awards (Giacomo) [STALLED]
* Institute for Academic Development (Edward) [STALLED]

## AOBs

## DoNM

07/05/2020
