# EdCarp Organising Committee Meeting 16/12/2020

## Attendees

Attending: 

* Giacomo Peru, 
* David McKain, 
* Matthew Hamilton, 
* Magnus Hagdorn, 
* Lucia Michielin, 
* Edward Wallace, 
* Mario Antonioletti, 
* Graeme Grimes, 
* Antonia Mey, 
* Bailey Harrington

_Apologies: Graeme Grimes, Sarah Tilley, Jen Daub, Evgenij Belikov_

## Agenda/ UPDATES/ recommendations/ issues raised

[Minutes from the last meeting](https://github.com/edcarp/organising-committee/blob/EdCarp-OrgCom-minutes-Rob/minutes/2029-10-20-EdCarp-Organising-Committee.md){:target="_blank"}

**New items**

* Bailey Harrington is a new member of the Organising Committee! Welcome Bailey!
* Membership of the Organising Committee
* Consensus on Git Workshop Alternative: 
  * Example: [Git Without Command Line](https://rogerdudler.github.io/git-guide/){:target="_blank"}
  * Git without the shit (look for link)
  * Agree on Source
  * Create Incubator Repository

* Documentation!
  * How to set-up registrations? What information we should collect.
  * Proposed [attendance spreadsheet structure](https://uoe-my.sharepoint.com/:x:/g/personal/lmichiel_ed_ac_uk/EVCJ6dE9Ct9KtnDyI6aTUk4B6k7hLQoGIhFp3p7yIP90eg?e=J7v8Xv){:target="_blank"} 
  * Workshop wrap up
    * Post-mortem
    * Record keeping
      * Live-feedback
        * GG Have a standardised survey monkey/google forms style form for feedback capture for each lesson to capture metrics on how good a course is. This could then be exported and analysed.
      * Attendance data
      * Should we save the etherpad in a 
* What do we do with the data we collect???
  * Attendance data => College IT Offices, etc.
  * Live-feedback: small text-mining projects
  * Post-mortems: analysis
* What do we do with waitlists? Can we use them somehow?
* Alternative to Zoom chat: Slack? Teams? Others?
* SFC2
* Alternative delivery way:
  * https://southampton-rsg.github.io/2020-10-29-socobio-crs/schedule.html
  * https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC527JVtHmryWx2P-KFRGX-A 
* Jupyter [collaborative interface project](https://github.com/jupyterlab/rtc){:target="_blank"} 
* Meeting with Noteable team
  * Get Graeme too
  * Installation of packages in R is impossible
  * Get vi installed as an editor
* Sort mailing list and sign-up
* Data Surgery (Edward)

Library Carpentry 2021 Helpers/Instructors [GoogleDocs](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lMdwwRl5u96Okzrf72xnqEv4HOjgRy1AlaqABbNR4p8/edit?usp=sharing){:target="_blank"} 



## Actions ongoing


## Actions completed

## Summary update on development progress and pull requests

## Towards next meeting/ Action plan

**New**

* Giacomo - organise meeting with Noteable team
* Matthew - organise and lead a committee to discuss a better way to teach git


## AOBs

**Notes (thanks to the volunteer(s)!)**

* Git workshop is broken according to Matthew. 
* Edward: 2 problems: motivating people; material is not fit for purpose (?)
* Magnus: CL is important; split the lesson: git intro, programming language, git for collaboration
* Toni: current material is too complicated so not fit for basic learners; CL useful but likes the idea of concepts in alternative ways (pycharm)
  * Magnus: problem is then you are teaching an IDE
* Bailey: University Gitlab not a good idea (crashes) 

  * Alternatives:
    * https://rogerdudler.github.io/git-guide/
    * The Atom editor has a great GUI git interface. https://github.atom.io/


## DoNM

01/02/2021
