# EdCarp Organising Committee Meeting 29/10/2020

## Attendees

Attending: 

* Giacomo Peru, 
* David McKain, 
* Matthew Hamilton, 
* Evgenij Belikov, 
* Magnus Hagdorn, 
* Lucia Michielin, 
* Edward Wallace, 
* Mario Antonioletti, 
* Graeme Grimes, 
* Jen Daub

*Apologies: Sara Tilley, Antonia Mey*

## Agenda/ UPDATES/ recommendations/ issues raised

[Minutes from the last meeting](https://github.com/edcarp/organising-committee/blob/EdCarp-OrgCom-minutes-Rob/minutes/2020-09-30-EdCarp-Organising-Committee.md){:target="_blank"}


**Actions**

*New*

* Graeme: ask Bailey to send David the ShellShare script
* Jen: get feedback from Mario and ask about GitLab issues
* Someone: write a short doc with instructions for setting up registrations for EdCarp workshops
* Giacomo: organise something social

* Giacomo ask Mike and Aleks Nenadic about good enough practice slides and DONE
* Edward set up new carpentry lesson about good practices by next meeting DONE
* Giacomo contact DMcKain for SWC workshop DONE
* Giacomo: make report from the SFC programme available to others (priority to the notes about online delivery) - ONGOING

*Pending*

* **Jen (lead), Mario, (Graeme, Edward):** draft Intro to Uni resources and best practices
* **David:** start thinking about support for instructors - ONGOING postpone to september 
* **Toni:** start thinking about improvement to infrastructure - POSTPONED
* **David:** provide mail templates to send out to attendees and rationalise the information about the set-up. [POSTPONED]
**Giacomo:** organise access to Mailchimp or to create a new EdCarp account. [STAND-BY]
**Someone:** elaborate a process for handling requests of workshops coming from everywhere in the university. [STAND-BY]

**Updates**

* Graeme
  * UKRI bid
  * IGMM courses went well
  * More on start of 2021
  * SBS workshop
  * Good practices lesson - chat chat with Jen and Mario etc.

* David
  * https://edcarp.github.io/2020-11-17-edinburgh-swc-online/
  * helpers:
    * Matthew
    * Magnus
  * ShellShare will be used for the Shell lesson
    * Get script from Bailey Harrington
  * Noteable: maybe for Python
  * advert Jen

* Mario
  * IGMM git: issues with GitLab

* Giacomo
  * Attendance data analysis and do some population analysis: 
  * Steering Committee

* Lucia
  * https://edcarp.github.io/2020-11-25-edinburgh-dc-digital-humanities/
  * helpers needed:
    * Jen
    * Giacomo back-up

  * Next semester LC - Jen and Lucia

* Evgenij
  * HW in December


**Updates and requests from the Steering Committee**

* New membership is being paid at Gold tier
* Resume now talks with IAD
* Present to next Steering Committee an initial vision of the plans/demands for 2021/2022 including numbers of courses expected for each audience, number of instructors/volunteers/admin effort required
* Present a description of a potential paid project about collection and analysis of the live feed-back
* Collecting College provenance is CRUCIAL!
  * Add that to Eventbrite: tickbox with colleges


## Actions ongoing

**Programme 2020/2021**

[Draft](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oXd6Zc5cZhy9B4v60QiKXeU3ayn4z96h2abNxSdogMo/){:target="_blank"} 
Publish programme


## Actions completed

## Summary update on development progress and pull requests

## Towards next meeting/ Action plan



## AOBs

## DoNM

16/12/2020
