# EdCarp Organising Committee Meeting 07/02/2020

## Attendees

Present: 

* Giacomo Peru, 
* Jen Daub, 
* David McKain, 
* Antonia Mey, 
* Matthew Hamilton, 
* Evgenij Belikov, 
* Magnus Hagdorn, 
* Graeme Grimes, 
* Lucia Michielin, 
* Edward Wallace 
* Mario Antonioletti.

_Apologies: Sara Tilley_

## Agenda/ UPDATES/ recommendations/ issues raised

[Minutes from the last meeting](https://github.com/edcarp/organising-committee/blob/EdCarp-OrgCom-minutes-Rob/minutes/2019-12-12-EdCarp-Organising-Committee.md){:target="_blank"}

## Actions ongoing



## Actions completed

**Previous Actions**

* **Action:** Jen to get everyone at meeting on Admin for our Events stream.
  * Done 
* **Action:** Matthew is going to lead on setting up the first example. 
  * Deprecated



## Summary update on development progress and pull requests

## Towards next meeting/ Action plan

**New Actions**

* **Action:** David to provide mail templates to send out to attendees and rationalise the information about the set-up.
* **Action:** Giacomo and Toni to meet before Toniâ€™s meeting with the chemistry PG taught master organiser. DONE
* **Action:** Sara to inform Peter MacCallum about the instructor training taking place. DONE.
* **Action:** send out email to form 3 working groups:
  * Set-up the future curriculum.
  * Set-up the process.
  * Improving lessons and helping out instructors.
* **Action:** Giacomo to organise access to Mailchimp or to create a new EdCarp account.
* **Someone:** elaborate a process for handling requests of workshops coming from everywhere in the university

## AOBs

## DoNM

12/12/2019
