# EdCarp Organising Committee Meeting 15/04/2021

## Attendees

## Actions
* Update on Github migration (Bailey Harrington):
        what has been done,
        what is the status,
        where to put things?
* Plan Workshop (Magnus Hagdorn) -> dates?
each friday may / 10-15 4 fridays
* Rerun of old workshop from Dec (Edward Wallace) -> dates?
* Respond to Kenny (Lucia will draft a response and share with people)
* Contact data team to ask if we can use university emails to contact people (Magnus Hagedorn)
update policy
* Website check for issue and update proposal (Evgenij Belikov)


## Agenda
* New members
  * Tahira Akbar
  * Rober Nagy
  * Juan Herrera
  * Steven Ford, Strathclyde
* Rota
* Next planned workshops
juan one swc and dc between may and july
4 morning sessions mon to thu
* Documentation and infrastructure
* Applied for https://docs.github.com/en/education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/apply-for-an-educator-or-researcher-discount
* Magnus: run workshop in May https://github.com/edcarp/2021-05-07-edinburgh-geosciences-online
  * easy to organise once he was directed to the right place
  * Events.ed.ac.uk a little fiddly; waitlist not easy to handle, they just opened more places
  * Check zoom setting if you want it to generate the list of participants
  * problem of competing for helpers in busy period
  * recording participants is important for the collection of attandance data
* login to zoom with your name not nickname!
* Fran: NHS LibCarp session in the South-East
  * Everybody turn up
  * Very good feedback, some struggled with virtual environment, usual hurdles
* Juan: Data Carpentry last week and SWC this week
  * 4 mornings
  * about 20 attendees
* Google collab - replaces Noteable
* Idea from Evgenij about having a pool of paid helpers/instructors
* Giacomo: updates
* We need deocumentation, can be video
* Plans for in person videos: no.
* 

## AOB

## Next meeting  
