# EdCarp Organising Committee Meeting 10 March 2021

### Attendance:
* Bailey Harrington
* Lucia Michielin
* Magnus Hagdorn
* Evgenij Belikov
* Edward Wallace
* Matthew Hamilton
* David McKain
* Graeme Grimes
* Antonia Mey

#### Apologies:
* Mario Antonioletti
* Giacomo Peru

## Agenda

1. Actions from last meeting
2. Migration of EdCarp to github - update from Robert Nagy and Bailey Harrington?
3. Coordination of EdCarp with IAD (Institute for Academic Development) - Edward W
4. Request for open science workshop from psychology / Kenny Smith in PPLS - Edward W
5. Any other business

### Discussion:
* Use CodiMD to write minutes during meeting

* Brief update on documentation creation/migration to GitHub
    * Not a lot of specific things to say;
    * There are several bits of documentation in the Google Drive from SFC 2020, for example
* Coordination between EdCarp and IAD (and maybe other groups):
    * IAD training
        * Some discussion happened 18 months ago
        * Then the pandemic happened
        * Has recently been picked back up; meeting on 16 March 2021
        * Getting Carpentries workshops integrated into the IAD training framework
    * PhD student training
        * UoE is talking about setting up a Doctoral College to coordinate training for PhD students university-wide
    * EdDash might fit into some of this, as well.
    * Reaching out to these groups might be worthwhile:
        * SSI
        * Society of RSE
        * UKPSF?
    * Carpentries teaching trainings count towards other training frameworks like the Edinburgh Teaching Award tie-ins
* Request for workshop in Psychology—Kenny Smith
    * Lucia thinks the hybrid SWC/DC workshop substituting SQL for Git would fit well
    * She does not have the capacity to develop it now
    * Problems with how to organise the registration—college-specific, wider?
    * Perhaps a standard SWC workshop and advertise directly to Psychology—might fit in with Magnus's plans to put on a workshop
* ReproducibiliTea has also reached out
    * Edward suggested a workshop where they do the admin, coordination, we just provide teachers/helpers (this model is something we could scale, particularly if we can find people in their organisation who are interested in being involved in the Carpentries to run point)
        * Good Enough Practices
        * more normal software carpentry lessons?
* Magnus wants to run a workshop by May
* How can we get more helpers?
    * Contacting people who attended previous workshops?
        * We have them through the university booking system
        * Are we allowed to use them?
        * Do the forms contain the appropriate 'opt-in' options?
* Website: "Programme Spring 2020"? Add a "Volunteer" or "Join the Community" section or pointers under contact?

### Action:
- Update on Github migration (Bailey Harrington): 
    - what has been done, 
    - what is the status, 
    - where to put things?

- Plan Workshop (Magnus Hagdorn) -> dates?
- Rerun of old workshop from Dec (Edward Wallace) -> dates?
- Respond to Kenny (Lucia will draft a response and share with people)
- Contact data team to ask if we can use university emails to contact people (Magnus Hagedorn)
- Website check for issue and update proposal (Evgenij Belikov)







