# EdCarp Organising Committee Meeting 01/02/2021

## Attendees

Attending: 

* Giacomo Peru, 
* David McKain, 
* Magnus Hagdorn, 
* Lucia Michielin, 
* Edward Wallace, 
* Mario Antonioletti, 
* Graeme Grimes, 
* Bailey Harrington, 
* Graeme Grimes,  
* Evgenij Belikov, 
* Matthew Hamilton

*Apologies: Sarah Tilley, Antonia Mey*


## Agenda/ UPDATES/ recommendations/ issues raised

[Minutes from the last meeting](https://github.com/edcarp/organising-committee/blob/EdCarp-OrgCom-minutes-Rob/minutes/2020-12-16-EdCarp-Organising-Committee.md){:target="_blank"}

**Actions**

*New*

* Giacomo - organise meeting with Noteable team - done
* Matthew - organise and lead a committee to discuss a better way to teach git - done

**New items**

* Jen Daub has left the Organising Committee. Thank you and see you around Jen!
* Update on Git Workshop Alternative (Matthew): 
  * Example: [Git Without Command Line](https://rogerdudler.github.io/git-guide/){:target="_blank"}
  * Git without the sh!t (look for link)
  * Agree on Source
  * Create Incubator Repository
* Documentation! What documentation do we need?
  * Registrations data
  * What 
  * Setting a Github repo with instructions and automated codes to extract info
  * Checklist template for setup steps

* SFC2 (Giacomo)
  * Bailey coordinator
  * Looking at audiences
  * Target of 50 participants (for which we get £350 fee waiver)
* Meeting with Noteable team (Graeme and Giacomo):
  * Documentation
  * Installation of packages in R is impossible
  * Let them know home many users we expect
  * Get vi installed as an editor
* Evgenij
  * 4 half days
  * good to have template for keeping track of helpers/intructors
  * where to find helpers (document this)
* Data Surgery (Edward):
  * We ran a “data” surgery as part of 2020-12-01-edinburgh-bio-online
    * Data surgery guidelines that we wrote
    * Feedback on workshop including data surgery
    * Data Surgery summary: only 7 people came, and they thought it was great.
  * Excellent idea. Needs lot of planning. Needs learners to be prepared.
  * It may not work within a “standard” carpentries workshop
  * https://ourcodingclub.github.io/ good-practice example in geosciences, weekly meetings
  * Suggestion by Mario: a mentoring scheme
  * Dedicated chats (Slack for example) cna be a lower maintenance alternative
    * May be better offered locally (e.g. IGMM success)
* Agenda etiquette





## Actions ongoing


## Actions completed

## Summary update on development progress and pull requests

## Towards next meeting/ Action plan


## AOBs

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lMdwwRl5u96Okzrf72xnqEv4HOjgRy1AlaqABbNR4p8/edit# adding here too! Still looking for helpers/instructors and first one would go live the sign up Wednesday 

## DoNM

[Date of next meeting](https://www.when2meet.com/?10836971-fKFdU){:target="_blank"}


---

**Further supporting notes**

Meeting with Notable. We should feedback to them our requirements. We should let them know what packages are going to be installed - easier if they do it. 
They are interested about how much usage will be required.
Access for non-UoE people. Can authenticate as long as a user has a bona fide identity in a VLE via some API. 

Standard Notebook has been renamed to a Python3 Notebook and vi has been installed.

Lucia concerned that Notable have good instructions for non-UoE having access to the service, e.g. NLS.

Scottish Funding Council has given a small pot of money to train an additional 50 people from the Scottish workforce. Bailey will be coordinating. Bailey has already started on this. She will also be funded to write some documentation.

A list was produced about where documentation is required. Using the University registration system to do the collection. What data to collect and also what to do with that data. A list was created at the last meeting (see the minutes).

Try to automate as much as possible. Create a private org repo and put any code there.

Checklists and templates would also be good. There are already some checklists for the carpentry roles at the carpentry web site.

Bailey has already put together a sheet to keep instructors and helpers for each SFC session.

Edward ran a data surgery people - only 6 people turned up (small number) but those that did turn up found it useful. It’s a work in progress. Bailey thought they were lucky to get such a small number as could have been quickly overwhelmed.

This led to a discussion of how post course assistance could be provided: data surgeries could be good but could become overwhelming, Matthew suggested real world support, Mario suggested some kind of mentorship, Lucia said an MS Team could be kept open. Bailey and Graeme said IGMM already has a slack group for support. Magnus said people are shy and do not communicate any questions or issues that they might have - also why not use external support channels outside the org like stackoverflow.

SWC at HW 4* half days. It went alright. Left it a bit late to look for helpers. There was a wish for people to engage after the course. About 30 people have registered with about 25 people turning up.

There was a discussion on how to source helpers at short notice (don’t make things harder for yourself and leave things late).

Ed-DASH is starting (UKRI for about 2 years of funding starting on the 14th of March). Graeme and Giacomo as well as Edward will be involved. A website will be developed for this.

Magnus would like to do a workshop at the beginning of March. Would like to split the bash and git into two - learn enough git/bash to pull python materials and then resume later with the more advanced topics in git/bash. Can move the data later on. Four half day seems to work best for dividing a course.

Bailey would like to know when courses get scheduled so that there are no conflicts with the SFC courses (helpers/instructors).



