# EdCarp Organising Committee Meeting - 24 June 2021

## Attendees

* Magnus Hagdorn (chair)
* Steven Ford
* David McKain
* Giacomo Peru
* Mario Antonioletti
* Francesca Baseby
* Juan Rodriguez-Herrera
* Matthew Hamilton
* Evgenij Belikov
* Tahira Akbar

## Actions
- [ ] **Person** Action

## Agenda
* New members: Fran Baseby

### Updates
* Juan: ARCHER run one SWC and one DC between May and July
  * 4 morning sessions Mon to Thu
  * about 20 attendees
* Fran: NHS LibCarp session in the South-East
  * Everybody turn up
  * Very good feedback, some struggled with virtual environment, usual hurdles
* Documentation and infrastructure
* Magnus: run workshop in May https://github.com/edcarp/2021-05-07-edinburgh-geosciences-online
  * easy to organise once he was directed to the right place
  * Events.ed.ac.uk a little fiddly; waitlist not easy to handle, they just opened more places
* Lucia: applied for https://docs.github.com/en/education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/apply-for-an-educator-or-researcher-discount
* Check zoom setting if you want it to generate the list of participants
* Problem of competing for helpers in busy period
* Recording participants is important for the collection of attendance data
* login to zoom with your name not nickname!
* Google Collab - replaces Noteable
* Idea from Evgenij about having a pool of paid helpers/instructors / TA contracts for regular helpers who are postgrads at UoE.

* Giacomo
  * Ed-DaSH: https://edcarp.github.io/Ed-DaSH/
* We need documentation, can be video
* Plans for in person videos: no.

## AOB

## Next meeting  
Organiser: Steve Ford
