## Meeting - 19/02/24

## Agenda
* Approve minutes from the last meeting ([here](https://github.com/edcarp/organising-committee/blob/main/minutes/2024/2024_01_18_EdCarp_Organising_Committee.md))
* Roll call
* Review actions
* Announcements (members, workshops/events, etc)
* Discussion
* AOB

## Attendees
* Giacomo
* Lucia
* Graeme
* Evgenij
  
### Apologies
* Mario
* Steven

## New Actions
- [ ] **Mario** get in touch with Robyn to see if she wants to join the EdCarp Org Committee
- [ ] **Mario** to chat to Giacomo to increase representation across Edinburgh (e.g. from King's Buildings)
- [ ] **Mario** get in touch with Carps to see if can obtain a list of emails of active instructors in Edinburgh or whole Scotland
- [ ] **Evgenij** organise next meeting for mid-April
- [ ] **Evgenij** organise an unofficial outing for EdCarps
- [x] **Evgenij** get in touch with Carps to check who is active in the region
- [x] **Evgenij** organise next meeting for February
- [x] **Evgenij** email asking everyone for a paragraph about what do we think the organising committee remit is and one on how we could gain momentum (e.g. minimum level per year in terms of Carpentry activities)
- [x] **Lucia** create a sharepoint folder (for info on organising at Edinburgh; not to replace Slack) 

## Announcements
* Steven Ford is stepping down from the committee
* Giacomo announced steering committee meeting next week and that committees will likely be merged
* Alison Meynert leaving UoE and steering committee


## Discussion
* commitee remit and going forward
  * agreement that a plan is needed (there hasn't been much steering)
  * need to recruit new committee members
  * for now resolved to reduce activity (meetigns ca bi-monthly)
  * forming a community of practice (e.g. sharing know-how and network)
  * Giacomo thinks it unlikely that university will hire a coordinator to help (Can we lobby for it?)
  * look for opportunities to pay and to apply for internal/external grants
* room booking situation (in particular in central locations)

## AOB
* see EdCarp report for more details of what we have achieved
* GP suggested to GG to organise an old-style workshop in November, look for rooms soon
* 
  
