## Meeting - 08/11/23

## Agenda
* Approve minutes from the last meeting ([here](https://github.com/edcarp/organising-committee/blob/main/minutes/2023/2023_11_08_EdCarp_Organising_Committee.md))
* Roll call
* Review actions
* Announcements (members, workshops/events, etc)
* Discussion
* AOB

## Attendees
* Mario Antonioletti
* Graeme Grimes
* Evgenij Belikov
  
### Apologies
* Steven Ford
* Giacomo Peru

## New Actions
- [ ] **Mario** get in touch with Robyn to see if she wants to join the EdCarp Org Committee
- [ ] **Mario** to chat to Giacomo to increase representation across Edinburgh (e.g. from King's Buildings)
- [ ] **Mario** get in touch with Carps to see if can obtain a list of emails of active instructors in Edinburgh or whole Scotland
- [ ] **Evgenij** get in touch with Carps UK to check who is active in the region and organise an unofficial outing
- [ ] **Evgenij** organise next meeting for February
- [x] **Evgenij** email asking everyone for a paragraph about what do we think the organising committee remit is and one on how we could gain momentum (e.g. minimum level per year in terms of Carpentry activities)

## Announcements
* Carpentry Event in Germany (CarpentryConnect? may have a hybrid option)
* Alison Meynert is moving on (stepping down from steering committee)
* Several members of the Carpentries Core Team layed off (https://carpentries.org/blog/2024/01/with-gratitude-to-our-legacy-core-team-members/) 


## Discussion
* need to get back some momentum
* finding and booking rooms suitable for workshops in the central area
* Microsoft released copilot for organisations e.g. for taking meeting notes (unclear if UoE has license)
* gitpod use for workshops (VM with full setup, given a docker file; Graeme may get some funding to develop materials)
* there is still demand for workshops (e.g. some expressions of interest in Snakemake and Nextflow)
* need to look into options how to reimburse helpers/instructors (similar to SFC-funded upskilling course)
* need to find new committee members after a few have become inactive or stepped down (Chris Wood(EPCC) may be interested)
* need to increase representation across Edinburgh (committee members from different schools)

## AOB
* Evgenij will remain chair for now and organise next meering for end of February
  
