## Meeting - 22/04/24

## Agenda
* Approve minutes from the last meeting ([here](https://github.com/edcarp/organising-committee/blob/main/minutes/2024/2024_02_19_EdCarp_Organising_Committee.md))
* Roll call
* Review actions
* Announcements (members, workshops/events, etc)
* Discussion
* AOB

## Attendees
* Lee Picken
* Graeme Grimes
* Evgenij Belikov
  
### Apologies
* Mario Antonioletti
* Giacomo Peru

## New Actions
- [ ] **Mario** get in touch with Robyn to see if she wants to join the EdCarp Org Committee
- [ ] **Mario** to chat to Giacomo to increase representation across Edinburgh (e.g. from King's Buildings)
- [ ] **Mario** get in touch with Carps to see if can obtain a list of emails of active instructors in Edinburgh or whole Scotland
- [ ] **Evgenij** organise next meeting for mid-June
- [ ] **Evgenij** organise an unofficial outing for EdCarps
- [ ] **Evgenij** gather opt-in emails for a EdCarp community email list
- [ ] **Evgenij** and **Lee** to organise a workshop at HWU

## Announcements
* Graeme: a new instrcutor at Western General (also Data Manager as Genetics and Cancer group)


## Discussion
* GG: got instructors but tricky to find room at central (more popular than Western General as location)
* GG: using Notable and planning to run 2-day containers workshop (docker and singularity; 20 places, unless larger room is found)
* LP: got rooms but no instructors, Rob Stewart from CS department got in touch and can help find local helpers; also Toby Samuels is back at HWU
* brief discussion on notifications: Slack usage seem still to be in place, as Teams are more tricky to setup for visitors (it seems)
* GG: mentioned GitPod, 50 free hours; every participant can use a VM (may help avoid setup issues)
* 
## AOB
* Would someone have time to update the EdCarp website?
* Looking for a volunteer to chair the meetings
* 
