# EdCarp Organising Committee Meeting 07/05/2020

## Attendees

Attending: 

* Giacomo Peru, 
* Jen Daub, 
* David McKain, 
* Antonia Mey, 
* Matthew Hamilton, 
* Evgenij Belikov, 
* Magnus Hagdorn, 
* Graeme Grimes, 
* Lucia Michielin, 
* Edward Wallace 
* Mario Antonioletti

*Apologies: Sara Tilley*



## Agenda/ UPDATES/ recommendations/ issues raised

[Minutes from the last meeting](https://github.com/edcarp/organising-committee/blob/EdCarp-OrgCom-minutes-Rob/minutes/2020-04-08-EdCarp-Organising-Committee.md){:target="_blank"}

**Scottish Funding Council -- Workforce Development Data Carpentry (Lucia)**

* Updates on the progress so far.
* Report the issue on Blackboard to IS!

**Membership of this Committee**

* How long should the membership be?
  * For the chair
  * For committee members
* What is the process for gaining members?
* Basically, what is the governance model going to be for the EdCarps?
* Anyone leaving/joining?

**Strategy (if relevant)**

* Teaching & Learning Conference (Jen/Graeme)
  * We are waiting to hear about the destiny of the conference.
* Principal Teaching Awards (Giacomo) STALLED
* Institute for Academic Development (Edward) STALLED


## Actions ongoing

**Ongoing programme (Giacomo)**

* Data Carpentry for Digital Humanities postponed to next year. Matthew Hamilton probably the lead.
* Data Carpentry Genomics planned for 25-26 June. Giacomo organising. Edward and Vasilis Lenis instructors. 

**Programme 2020/2021 (Giacomo)**

* [Draft](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oXd6Zc5cZhy9B4v60QiKXeU3ayn4z96h2abNxSdogMo/){:target="_blank"} 
* Members of the committee to give feedback and take on the lead of one workshop each if possible.
* The draft will be presented to the Steering Committee.

## Actions completed

**Past/ ongoing actions**

* **Giacomo:** discuss with Edward and Matthew about online workshops (biology and digital humanities) - DONE
* **Evgenij (Edward):** organise virtual beer and video watching - DONE
* **David:** start thinking about support for instructors - ONGOING postpone to septemeber 
* **Toni:** start thinking about improvement to infrastructure - POSTPONED
* **Giacomo:** draft a programme for next year - DONE
* **David:** provide mail templates to send out to attendees and rationalise the information about the set-up. [POSTPONED]
* **Giacomo:** organise access to Mailchimp or to create a new EdCarp account. [STAND-BY]
* **Someone:** elaborate a process for handling requests of workshops coming from everywhere in the university. [STAND-BY]


## Summary update on development progress and pull requests

## Towards next meeting/ Action plan


## AOBs

* HWU DC workshop (July) DC as part of a ‘Summer School’
* Watching [Jason Bell’s video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MzsJyOkxqv8){:target="_blank"} online together ( [poll](https://doodle.com/poll/c3tfqqis7h8wbz6q){:target="_blank"} )
* Virtual Carpentry Connect



## DoNM

20/08/2020
