# EdCarp Organising Committee Meeting 20/08/2020

## Attendees

Attending: 

* Giacomo Peru, 
* Jen Daub, 
* David McKain, 
* Antonia Mey, 
* Matthew Hamilton, 
* Evgenij Belikov, 
* Magnus Hagdorn, 
* Graeme Grimes, 
* Lucia Michielin, 
* Edward Wallace 
* Mario Antonioletti

_Apologies: Sara Tilley_


## Agenda/ UPDATES/ recommendations/ issues raised

[Minutes from the last meeting](https://github.com/edcarp/organising-committee/tree/EdCarp-OrgCom-minutes-Rob/minutes){:target="_blank"}

**Actions**

*New*

* Jen (lead), Mario, (Graeme, Edward): draft Intro to Uni resources and best practices
* Giacomo: make report from the SFC programme available to others (priority to the notes about online delivery)
* Jen: get in touch with Sarah Ames and discuss joint workshop (Library Carpentry?)
* Matthew and Lucia: discuss joint EdCarp-EFI DC Humanities in first semester

*Pending*

* David: start thinking about support for instructors - ONGOING postpone to september 
* Toni: start thinking about improvement to infrastructure - POSTPONED
* David: provide mail templates to send out to attendees and rationalise the information about the set-up. [POSTPONED]
* Giacomo: organise access to Mailchimp or to create a new EdCarp account. [STAND-BY]
* Someone: elaborate a process for handling requests of workshops coming from everywhere in the university. [STAND-BY]

**Updates**

* Giacomo
  * Teaching & Learning Conference DONE
  * Data Carpentry Genomics on 25-26 June. DONE
* Evgenij (see AOB)
* Toni, Matthew, David and Magnus (not quite yet) are certified instructor
* Graeme: IGMM training.

**Scottish Funding Council -- Workforce Development Data Carpentry (Lucia/Giacomo)**

* [Online delivery](https://docs.google.com/document/d/136edm2T0gUjkMRIsC1olRhHwyMSIfh9bWclYvPVlFqc/edit){:target="_blank"} 

**Programme 2020/2021 (Giacomo)**

* [Draft](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oXd6Zc5cZhy9B4v60QiKXeU3ayn4z96h2abNxSdogMo/){:target="_blank"} 

**Strategy (if relevant)**

* Principal Teaching Awards (Giacomo) [STALLED]
* Institute for Academic Development (Edward) [STALLED]
----

## Actions ongoing


## Actions completed

## Summary update on development progress and pull requests

## Towards next meeting/ Action plan

* Subgroup (lead Jen, w Mario, Graeme, Edward):
* Intro to Uni resources and best practices
* Giacomo putting together a report (incl calculation incl workforce, full economic cost for staffing a workshop will allow calculating amount of effort used; mid-grade 7 rate; instructors rate included prep hours), in the future there may be more opportunities for paid work
* Online doc with notes is in the agenda; defining roles (incl coordinator role, in particular for online workshops)

Evgenij to contact Alex Nenadic wrt CarpentryCon@Home session for UK Carpentries

## AOBs

* Suggestion for SSI to host a Carpentries UK call as part of CarpentryCon@Home
* Organise next (EdCarp) instructor training if there is demand?
* Discuss use of Breakout Rooms (Do people use them? Carpentries seem to suggest it and many people are enthusiastic, but using the rooms also has some overhead) [if time left]


## DoNM

30/09/2020


----

[Furthr notes]

Updates

Giacomo: presentation was done (Learning and Teaching Conf.), one person joined the mailing list; Genomics online (25.6), went well w. Good attendance and many helpers (incl UCL -- advantage of online teaching, helpers can join from anywhere; one of the main online difficulties is resolving issues; Lucia now EFI Training Manager)

Tony: now certified instructor (Yay!)

Graeme: IGMM workshop for new students, Mario may do git section, enough helpers from the institute; Snakemake and Conda workshops

Mario: HWU DC report, attendance ok; two people interested in joining EdCarp; Pubquiz was a success; audience rather quiet (most cameras off)

Jen: question about licensing and versioning, suggesting to include info about Uni gitlab (brief intro to software that Uni supports, can be 15min); 
Graeme: also file names, suggesting to come up with a set of slides (w Mario?); 
Giacomo: Data Management plan
Jen: it can be as extensive as one wants it to be
Giacomo: intro about available infrastructure, and sustainability/shareability should be ensured
Edward: good enough practices in scientific computing, some material in development
Jen: would be good to have a standard to include in Carpentries

Giacomo: SFC workshops successful, a lot of work; experience with online setup and experience with paying instructors/helpers

Giacomo: looking at 20/21 program

Tony: teaching online in Nov, interested in running ML Carpentry in  2021 (pilot), happy to help to develop the lesson further

Giacomo: there is some money for development of new material (probably ML)

David: SWC in Nov going ahead, assuming we will have enough instructors

Matt: (w Lucia?) first semester is quieter, so happy to run Digital Humanities workshop

Jen: w Sarah Ames and Lucia, Data/Library Carpentry

Edward: Edinburgh Genomics put lots of workshops online since lockdown, need to speak to them, Data Carpentry would be useful, also SWC with a session on using Edi, keen to hear how IGMM workshop goes (someone will be able to help with teaching)

Giacomo: Principal Teaching Award deadline in autumn, unlikely to happen; IAD -- Edward to decide if he wants to follow-up

Giacomo: wrt AOB, get in touch with Alex Nanadic wrt UK Carpentries session; will organise next instructor training; discussion of online teaching left for another time

