# EdCarp Organising Committee Meeting 07/02/2020

## Attendees

Present: 

* Giacomo Peru, 
* Jen Daub, 
* David McKain, 
* Antonia Mey, 
* Matthew Hamilton, 
* Evgenij Belikov, 
* Magnus Hagdorn, 
* Graeme Grimes, 
* Lucia Michielin, 
* Edward Wallace 
* Mario Antonioletti.

_Apologies: Sara Tilley_

## Agenda/ UPDATES/ recommendations/ issues raised

[Minutes from the last meeting](https://github.com/edcarp/organising-committee/blob/EdCarp-OrgCom-minutes-Rob/minutes/2019-12-12-EdCarp-Organising-Committee.md){:target="_blank"}

## Actions ongoing

**Ongoing programme**

Updates from everybody on ongoing activity:

[Programmed workshops](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ItF1M-4D_mmOzPpQQ295FiDqea7Z1MlhJSw9f_dafY8/edit){:target="_blank"}

Strategy (if relevant):

* Scottish Funding Council funds (Giacomo)
* Institute for Academic Development (Edward): 
* Teaching & Learning Conference (Jen/Graeme)
* Principal Teaching Awards (Giacomo)

Infrastructure and resources (Giacomo):

* Ideas and Plans for a review of Shell and Git lessons? (input by David and Toni)
* Mailchimp
* Website
* Shared Drive
* Eventbrite

Programme 2020/2021


## Actions completed

**Previous Actions**

* **Action:** Jen to get everyone at meeting on Admin for our Events stream.
  * Done 
* **Action:** Matthew is going to lead on setting up the first example. 
  * Deprecated



## Summary update on development progress and pull requests

## Towards next meeting/ Action plan

**New Actions**

* **Action:** David to provide mail templates to send out to attendees and rationalise the information about the set-up.
* **Action:** Giacomo and Toni to meet before Toni’s meeting with the chemistry PG taught master organiser. DONE
* **Action:** Sara to inform Peter MacCallum about the instructor training taking place. DONE.
* **Action:** send out email to form 3 working groups:
  * Set-up the future curriculum.
  * Set-up the process.
  * Improving lessons and helping out instructors.
* **Action:** Giacomo to organise access to Mailchimp or to create a new EdCarp account.
* **Someone:** elaborate a process for handling requests of workshops coming from everywhere in the university

## AOBs

*Supporting notes*

*It would be good to have access to the mailing list if there are one or more organisers.*

*Magnus thought using the noteable service (University’s jupyter hub) minimised the set-up.*

*David - new Python lesson was still too much to fit in one day.*

*Most people used the Notable service for the Geosciences courses. This worked well. People don’t end up with a copy of the work that they have done. Not seen as a major obstacle. Biggest things missing were vi and ssh. Run out of time for the material.*

*There is a plan to have spatial data carpentry in the near future.*

*No update on the SBS workshop. Workshops are planned, rooms are booked, etc.*

*There are plans to do a genomic workshop*

*Toni approached by the PG taught masters organiser in chemistry to run another course for them. Is there a possibility of getting renumerated for this? Edward sees that there are going to be similar things happening in Biology.*

*Giacomo organising Data Carpentries sessions at CDCS.*

*Instructor Training - have room, dates - 16 attendees confirmed (28-29 May), have 3 more spaces from Edinburgh and possibly 1 more SSI.*  

*Sara - HW would like to do a DC in June. Sara will be on maternity leave but hopes to have a replacement.*

*SFC funding has been confirmed for £40k for 10 DC workshops between now and July. It has to be given to outside the University. About 25% of this is for a coordinator. There is also money for instructors. This also has about £15k for developing course materials from now until July. Evgenij reminded people of the Carpentries Incubator (and Carpentry Lab).*

*Institute for academic development - no further action.
Edward spoke at the dealing with data conference.*

*Giacomo intended to put in a proposal for the Principal’s Teaching award (funding for projects that involve teaching and learning). Giacomo thinks that this could be used to customise courses. Edward wonders whether this could be linked to the work being done with the PG/doctoral training.*

*Lucia said the Carpentry text mining is ready to go.*

*Giacomo has performed some improvements to the EdCarpentry web site. There is an EdCarp Mailchimp mailing list - initially set up by Lucia - only Giacomo has access to it at the moment as it lives under the SSI Mailchimp account. This is currently being used for instructors/helpers to use.*

*It was agreed for now to meet once a month. Also to create sub-working groups for strategy and for the development of a curriculum. Another group on materials.*

*Discussion about how MATLAB may stop being provided by the University creating more of an incentive for R/Python.*


## DoNM

08/04/2020
