## Meeting - 08/11/23

## Agenda
* Approve minutes from the last meeting ([here](https://github.com/edcarp/organising-committee/blob/main/minutes/2023/2023_09_01_EdCarp_Organising_Committee.md))
* Roll call
* Review actions
* Announcements (members, workshops/events, etc)
* Discussion
* AOB

## Attendees
* Mario Antonioletti
* Evgenij Belikov
* Lucia Michielin
* Juan Rodriguez Herrera
  
### Apologies
* Steven Ford
* Graeme Grimes

## New Actions
- [ ] **Mario** get in touch with Robyn to see if she wants to join the EdCarp Org Committee
- [ ] **Evgenij** get in touch with Carps UK to check who is active in the Region and organise an unofficial outing
- [ ] **Evgenij** organise next meeting for January

## Announcements
* Fran Baseby stepped down from the committee
* 
* 

## Discussion
* for meeting organiser: include .ics file for calender
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
  
## AOB
