## Meeting - 01/09/23

## Agenda
* Approve minutes from the last meeting ([here](https://github.com/edcarp/organising-committee/blob/main/minutes/2023/2023_07_04_EdCarp_Organising_Committee.md))
* Roll call
* Review actions
* Announcements (members, workshops/events, etc)
* Discussion (social, new Zoom policy)
* AOB

## Attendees
* Mario Antonioletti
* Evgenij Belikov
* Lucia Michielin
* Steven Ford
* Chris Wood
  
### Apologies
* Giacomo Peru
* Toby Samuels
* Fran Baseby
* Juan Rodriguez Herrera

## New Actions
- [x] **Mario** to pin spreadsheet for recording data to the Slack channel and Github
- [ ] **Mario** get in touch with Bailley to see if she wants to remain in EdCarp Org Committee
- [ ] **Evgenij** get in touch with Carps UK to check who is active in the Region and organise an unofficial outing
- [ ] **Evgenij** organise next meeting 

## Announcements
* RSECon, Confessions of a Carpentries Instructor
* DUSC: Data Upsacling Short Courses (in week of 11th)
* CAHSS New training fellow joining (Data Carpentries likely will be organised; UoE staff; space can be given to external researchers if spaces left)

## Discussion
* Chris reporting on a NERC grant: 9 workshops over next 12 months (beginner, intermediate and advanced sessions); new materials: likely Dask/Make/advanced Python (locations: Edinburgh, Oxford, Liverpool); also some bring your own data/code sessions; can fund travel/accommodation for PhD students; Suggestion for Chris to join OrgCom
* Steven asked if Pharmaceutical research is in NERC remit; Chris said there is some lenience to who can participate
* Steven asking about best ways to avertise; Mario for looking for helper - Slack probably best; in the past website was up-to-date wrt upcoming courses (How to be aware of the course in the first place?), also DUSC courses are advertised on the Bayes website; Evgenij: looking after the website could be a task/role; Steven would like to get some more people involved at Strathclyde
* Sarah Tilley asked to be removed from the mailing list (as she is not returning to the OrgCom); done
* Evgenij spoke to Robert Nagy, an he has no time to act on the Committee at present and was inactive for a while (ok to be taken of the list; can sometime still help out as instructor)
* brief discussion of Zoom policy change
* organise a social event (perhaps an unofficially; data on active numbers may be on AMY via UK Carps; slack to advertise)
* somewhat lower occupancy post-pandemic still (Strathclyde have pack to in-person teaching; 3-day in the office policy; at UoE department 2-3 days; CAHSS have 50% in-person - 50% online  model for training courses)
  
## AOB

