# Agenda Items


## Attendees

Mario Antonioletti, Steve Ford, David McKain, Lucia Michielin, Graeme Grimes, Toby Samuels, Antonia Mey, Evgenji Belikov, Juan Herrera, Alison Meynert

## Declined, Apologies and Tentative 

Fran Baseby

## Agenda items

1)      Approving the previous minutes
2)      Updates on actions form the last meeting.
3)      Feedback on workshops that have been run (for improvement etc)
4)      Updates from the Ed Carp Steering Committee
5)      Information on planned workshops (calls for instructors, adverts for workshops running)
6)      AoB
7)      Discussions of governence document

## Previous actions

## Actions
- [ ] **SF** - create a standing agenda. 
- [ ] **Al**l - Can we add contact emails to the governance document. 
- [ ] **AM** - open an issue (see links in the chat below) to collect ideas around what constitutes membership and roles. 
- [ ] **SF** - organise a meeting for the last 2 weeks in April (SF to circulate invite at the end of March).


## Notes 
Tahira, Toby and Magnus have stepped down/will step down - thanks to them for their efforts on the committee.

### Workshop issues: 
There are two workshops looking for instructors: Workforce development DC and DASH (see the meeting chat below for details)
There is a Software Carpentries for HW in two weeks time.
EB reports that there were 3 Edinburgh based instructors on the UK Carpentries instructor course.
Attendance was discussed - a recent live workshop had low numbers and in general attendance numbers were seen to be dropping.
Possible workshop with the Chemistry Dept at Ed Uni. (AM to speak to GP)

### Governance document

Role of the chairperson: to organise meetings and keep the agenda. SF will leave the role in June, and then the role will run on a 3 month/meeting cycle, with different 
committee members.
A secretary will be appointed/volunteer for ecah meeting to take the minutes.
The criteria for joining and memebership of the committee was discussed (see actions below)

## AOB
Possible workshop with the Chemistry Dept at Ed Uni.

## Actions
- [ ] **SF** - create a standing agenda. 
- [ ] **Al**l - Can we add contact emails to the governance document. 
- [ ] **AM** - open an issue (see links in the chat below) to collect ideas around what constitutes membership and roles. 
- [ ] **SF** - organise a meeting for the last 2 weeks in April (SF to circulate invite at the end of March).

## Meeting zoom chat:

```
12:05:15 From  Steven Ford  to  Everyone:
	https://github.com/edcarp/organising-committee/blob/main/governance.md
12:17:25 From  Giacomo Peru  to  Everyone:
	https://www.ed.ac.uk/bayes/about-us/education/workforce-development/courses/data-carpentry-data-life-cycle
12:18:18 From  Toby Samuels (HWU)  to  Everyone:
	HWU SC: https://epcced.github.io/2022-03-21-hwu/
12:18:48 From  Antonia Mey  to  Everyone:
	Sorry march dates are during strike time, so I can’t help.
12:19:08 From  Giacomo Peru  to  Everyone:
	No we cancelled March. Wiat
12:23:23 From  Giacomo Peru  to  Everyone:
	Ok, Toni, sorry I though you meant for WFD-DC-22.
12:23:59 From  Tahira  to  Everyone:
	is it worth doing a poll at forthcoming digital skills event?
12:29:06 From  ggrimes2  to  Everyone:
	We’ve put the list of workshop options into the slack general channel
12:30:20 From  Tahira  to  Everyone:
	https://digitalskillsfestival.ed.ac.uk/
12:32:08 From  Steven Ford  to  Everyone:
	https://edcarp.github.io/committee/
12:32:25 From  Tahira  to  Everyone:
	@Steven, would you mind taking my name off the list (I think it appears twice btw)? much appreciated
12:39:07 From  David McKain  to  Everyone:
	Here's a link to the issues page: https://github.com/edcarp/organising-committee/issues
12:40:28 From  Toby Samuels (HWU)  to  Everyone:
	I need to leave at 12:45 as well - but assuming there is another meeting before 7th April I'll see you all again in a few wees
12:40:31 From  Toby Samuels (HWU)  to  Everyone:
	weeks*
12:40:33 From  Antonia Mey  to  Everyone:
	https://carpentries-incubator.github.io/machine-learning-novice-sklearn/
12:41:30 From  Lucia Michielin  to  Everyone:
	we have course on machine learning at the centre starting soon
12:41:53 From  Lucia Michielin  to  Everyone:
	is theoretically only CAHSS but if it is not full I can add some
12:41:56 From  Mario Antonioletti  to  Everyone:
	Removed the committee members from https://edcarp.github.io/committee/ and pointed to the  Governance document
12:42:38 From  Lucia Michielin  to  Everyone:
	https://www.cdcs.ed.ac.uk/events/machine-learning-python
12:42:43 From  David McKain  to  Everyone:
	You've probably already noticed, but there were a few slightly different ML repos in alpha/beta state in the incubator last time I looked.

```

