# Meeting - 05/09/22

## Agenda

* Approve minutes from the last meeting
   * Minutes from the last meeting: [here](https://github.com/edcarp/organising-committee/blob/main/minutes/2022/2022-08-01_EdCarp_Organising_Committee.md).
* Roll call
* Review actions
* Announcement
* Discussion
* AOB

## Attendees

* Mario Antonioletti
* Juan Rodriguez Herrera
* David McKain
* Lucia Michielin

###  Apologies
* Steven Ford
* Fran Baseby

## New Actions

- [ ] **GP** to organising a meeting to discuss how the Organising Committee can support the Steering Committee sometime in July. 
- [x] **Evgenij** ask Neil if the SSI about having a Carpentry instructor meet-up in Edinburgh, maybe in September.
      * SSI could provide some funds for food and non-alcoholic drinks; better to have the event later in September (due to P&M purchase order stop)
- [x] **Mario** Let Graeme know about teaching git at IGC.
  MA will do it.
- [x] **Mario** Schedule another EdCarp meeting in September.

## Agenda items


## Notes 

* 

## AOB

None

## Meeting zoom chat

