# Meeting - 05/09/22

## Agenda

* Approve minutes from the last meeting
   * Minutes from the last meeting: [here](https://github.com/edcarp/organising-committee/blob/main/minutes/2022/2022-09-05_EdCarp_Organising_Committee.md).
* Roll call
* Review actions
* Announcement
* Discussion
* AOB

## Attendees (TBC)

* Mario Antonioletti
* Juan Rodriguez Herrera
* David McKain
* Evgenij Belikov
* Giacomo Peru

###  Apologies
* Steven Ford
* Fran Baseby

## New Actions

- [ ] **Evgenij** Find availbility of G.03 in October/November for an instructor/meet-up
- [x] **Mario** organise the next EdCarp meeting in October.

## Agenda items


## Notes 

* Fran taking over the chair personship.
* Organise a meet-up probably in November.
* Juan talking to people in Belfast to have a software carpentry in December. Once Juan has dates he will look for instructors.
* David is going to do a swcarp late in Semester 1 or in Semester 2, putting out feelers. David will organise, hoping Sean will fund the refereshements. 
* Mario taught git at the school of maths and later at igc.
* ÃŸGiacomo - shcool of engineering having a preworkshop workshop - the workshop is on manufacturing but they want to have a Python workshop before the workshop. More details at https://datascimanufacturing.github.io/2022-09-16-UoE.
* EdDash is coming for the last set of workshops. 
* The centre for data, culture and society are going to have a Data Carpentry Social science 17-20 October.


## AOB

None

## Meeting zoom chat

```

```
