# Agenda Items

Minutes from the last meeting: [https://github.com/edcarp/organising-committee/blob/main/minutes/2022/2022-03-09_EdCarp_Organising_Committee.md](https://github.com/edcarp/organising-committee/blob/main/minutes/2022/2022-04-27_EdCarp_Organising_Committee.md)

## Attendees

Mario Antonioletti, Steve Ford, David McKain, Juan Herrera, Fran Baseby, Evgenij Belikov, Giacomo Peru

## Declined, Apologies and Tentative 

Bailey Harrington, Graeme Grimes, Alison Meynert, Lucia Michielin


## Agenda items

SF posted the link to the previous minutes in Zoom chat and asked for confirmation/objections. No comment was made.

SF reported on his contact with Robert Nagy and Matthew Hamilton

MA reported workshps with Robert Nagy with mixed attendence
GP reported busy Carpentries workshops.
JP reported GatherTown as a platform for online workshops. 
EB noted CarpentryCon22 and the group discussed a submission (see chat text).


GP reported no updates from the Ed Carp Steering Committee.

Planned workshops: GP has been in discussion with a EdUni neuroscience lab (Nolan Matthew) in late 2022-2023.
JP reported on workshops that need to be done around the UK (see previous minutes).


## Notes 

Commented were made about familiarising users with the software they would be using for online workshops. 

UoE is no longer a member of Carpentries. GC reported that the membership has expired. 

EB reported that he is running instructor training (see chat). 


## AOB

None

## Actions

MA to organise a meeting for the August.
MA contact Robert and Matthew. 
GP to organising a meeting to discuss how the Organising Committee can support the Steering Committee sometime in July. 
SF to discuss in SIPBS running a workshop for researchers within SIPBS and contact JP.


## Meeting zoom chat:

10:10:33 From  Francesca Baseby  to  Everyone:
	Do we have minutes for today on git hub?
10:11:10 From  Steven Ford  to  Everyone:
	https://github.com/edcarp/organising-committee/blob/main/minutes/2022/2022-04-27_EdCarp_Organising_Committee.md
10:11:42 From  Steven Ford  to  Everyone:
	https://github.com/edcarp/organising-committee/blob/main/minutes/2022/2022-06-02_EdCarp_Organising_Committee.md
10:12:01 From  Evgenij Belikov  to  Everyone:
	CarpentryCon22 is 1-12 of August online
10:24:27 From  Evgenij Belikov  to  Everyone:
	Suggestions should be in by 12.6
10:37:05 From  Evgenij Belikov  to  Everyone:
	Is UoE still a member of the Carpentries? I am co-running instructor training 6-7.9 if you know of people who want to become certified instructors.
