# Agenda Items

Minutes from the last meeting: https://github.com/edcarp/organising-committee/blob/main/minutes/2022/2022-03-09_EdCarp_Organising_Committee.md




## Attendees

Mario Antonioletti, Steve Ford, David McKain, Lucia Michielin, Graeme Grimes, Antonia Mey, Juan Herrera, Edward Wallace, Bailey Harrington, Fran Baseby, Jannetta Steyn 

## Declined, Apologies and Tentative 

Giacomo Peru, Alison Meynert


## Agenda items

JS was introduced and comes from Newcastle and is looking to set up a similar group in the north of England.

SF was tasked for setting a standing agenda, which could be:
1)	Approving the previous minutes
2)	Updates on actions form the last meeting.
3)	Feedback on workshops that have been run (for improvement etc)
4)	Updates from the Ed Carp Steering Committee 
5)	Information on planned workshops (calls for instructors, adverts for workshops running)
6)	AoB


## Notes 

Edward Wallace will be stepping down from his role in the Organising Committee  but wil  stay on the steering committee.

As request was pput out for a new chaor person. MA will step inyo the role if there are no other volunteers.

JH reported a face to face workshop at HW  uni with approx 20 delegates. 

MA reported the SSI software camps (see link in the chat box text.)

LM and DMcK commented on the slack channel as a way of finding instructors (see link in the chat box text.)

### Workshop issues: 


### Governance document



## AOB

None

## Actions

SF to organise a meeting for the end of May.
SF to send emails to those who ahve missed 3 meetings. 

## Meeting zoom chat:

13:02:04 From  Steven Ford  to  Everyone:
	https://github.com/edcarp/organising-committee/blob/main/minutes/2022/2022-04-27_EdCarp_Organising_Committee.md
13:07:08 From  Steven Ford  to  Everyone:
	Minutes from the last meeting: https://github.com/edcarp/organising-committee/blob/main/minutes/2022/2022-03-09_EdCarp_Organising_Committee.md
13:09:32 From  Steven Ford  to  Everyone:
	1)	Approving the previous minutes
	2)	Updates on actions form the last meeting.
	3)	Feedback on workshops that have been run (for improvement etc)
	4)	Updates from the Ed Carp Steering Committee 
	5)	Information on planned workshops (calls for instructors, adverts for workshops running)
	6)	AoB
13:17:54 From  Graeme Grimes  to  Everyone:
	Not for me
13:17:55 From  Antonia Mey  to  Everyone:
	I will be travelling a lot/
13:18:15 From  Antonia Mey  to  Everyone:
	I may fall into the 3 warning emails category then.
13:19:06 From  Antonia Mey  to  Everyone:
	Yeah sorry. I am still asleep on US time.
13:21:00 From  Mario Antonioletti  to  Everyone:
	Can anyone remember if Toby said he was standing down?
13:21:54 From  Steven Ford  to  Everyone:
	yes toby stood down it's in the minutes of the last meeting
13:23:03 From  Mario Antonioletti  to  Everyone:
	The SSIhttps://www.software.ac.uk/tags/research-software-camps
13:23:22 From  Lucia Michielin  to  Everyone:
	there is the SFC series too?
13:23:39 From  Edward Wallace  to  Everyone:
	Ed-DaSH workshop timetable announced: https://edcarp.github.io/Ed-DaSH/workshops.html
13:30:20 From  Lucia Michielin  to  Everyone:
	https://www.ed.ac.uk/bayes/about-us/education/workforce-development/courses/data-carpentry-data-life-cycle
13:32:23 From  David McKain  to  Everyone:
	http://edinburghcarpentries.slack.com/
13:33:40 From  David McKain  to  Everyone:
	Here's the website for the Data Life Cycle workshop: https://edcarp.github.io/2022-06-07-wfd-dc-online/
13:42:00 From  Jannetta Steyn  to  Everyone:
	Thanks for letting me join today.
13:42:02 From  Lucia Michielin  to  Everyone:
	Do you have a carpentry page for Strathclyde I can point the people that made a request to?
13:42:20 From  Graeme Grimes  to  Everyone:
	Thanks and bye

