# Meeting - 01/08/22

## Agenda

* Approve minutes from the last meeting
   * Minutes from the last meeting:https://github.com/edcarp/organising-committee/blob/main/minutes/2022/2022-06-02_EdCarp_Organising_Committee.md
* Roll call
* Review actions
* Announcement
* Discussion
* AOB

## Attendees

* Mario Antonioletti
* Steven Ford
* Juan Rodriguez Herrera
* Graeme Grimes

###  Apologies

## New Actions

- [x] **MA** to organise a meeting for the August.
    * Sent out Doodle poll for the first week in August. Waiting for a quorate to fill the poll.
- [x] MA contact Robert and Matthew about whether they wish to remain in organising committee. 
    * Talked to Robert. He is busy at the moment writing up his thesis so is a bit constrained time wise but is keen to stay on.
    * Matthew wanted to step back for now
- [ ] **GP** to organising a meeting to discuss how the Organising Committee can support the Steering Committee sometime in July. 
- [ ] **SF** to discuss in SIPBS running a workshop for researchers within SIPBS and contact JP.





## Agenda items




## Notes 




## AOB



## Meeting zoom chat
